So when I approached making my house project. There was some key things as I was going, I had to identify was the shape I was trying to make. How? I was going to proceed with building it. And then finally, what was? The background setting I wanted to give off or the feel. Of the image I was producing. In this case, I wanted to give off a natural feel, so I went with some natural lighting that rotated from the back to the front. As I learned, I changed my product design and how I implemented in building it. Just a tad. But if I were to go back. And do it over again. I would have approached it differently from the GETCO and started with my end result. Of coding and designing. Then keep tearing everything back out and redoing it over again, which cost me a lot of time. In the future. When I'm designing an image. I will not focus so much on. Does minor details. Anmoore the overall picture. To start out. Because now I know down the way there's a lot of different tweaking you can do too. Change a shape of an image or color. By just adjusting a point or an indusry. And even by adding texture can totally change the concept. Of. What your image looks like.
The knowledge I have gained from this is so much. And there's still so much more out there to gain. I know that. In the end, we touched. I only just to service in the 8 weeks and it was a lot of information to digest. Knowing the right setup is the key to everything. I know this now. Along with that, there are some errors that you should just ignore. It doesn't have to be 100% because sometimes when you're rebuilding and debugging. They're just built up overtime and they will not show up for someone else. On a different machine. The knowledge that I've been given. Is a good step forward. If I were to choose to pursue. Something in. Graphic design or. Gaming development. This does layout though I foundation for a different path that I'm choosing to go towards, and that's full stack. It gives me a basic design of how things work with open GL and. Even implementing it into a website. Granted, this course do not give me everything I need to fully understand and pursue that path, but is a stepping stone towards that path. From here on I will have to do some extra reading. And testing to better understand some of the different methods out there.
